Half an hour away from the opens at Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass. Good morning.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Investors staying on the sidelines as
the US trading partners in Asia and also
beyond race to finalize their deals
ahead of Wednesday's Trump tariff
deadline. Oil prices in focus today as
OPEC announces a large output hike next
month, raising fears of a global glut.
and I'm Min Low at the Hong Kong Stocks
Stock Exchange at a trading debut of
insurer FWD, which is raising about $450
million in its IPO. We'll be speaking
exclusively with the CEO on its business
outlook and why the company finally took
the plunge after several shelf attempts
at the IPO.
[Music]
Good morning. Happy Monday morning.
Welcome to the show. Lots to get through
the next uh two hours or so. Risk assets
price is down. Volumes are down even
more. Uh and really apart it's it's not
really exactly the best time to be
taking risk right now. Although that
being said, it's not exactly as if
people are rushing towards the exits as
we speak. Uh there's a lot of event risk
this week in the form certainly of these
everchanging
contours of the trade conversations
taking place. Not on your screens. Just
to mention while we flip the boards is
the other story which is an earning
story in Korea. So that market's
actually on the way up. That's LG Energy
lifting the Cosby index to the upside.
More on that in a moment. The other big
story on the weekend was certainly out
of OPEC. More oil coming to this market.
Uh you're looking at Brent down about
1.2. West Texas is actually falling uh
slightly more than we are when Brent.
We're getting Shanghai of course coming
online. And of course the story across
the currency markets is one that's a
separate one where the dollar's coming
back a little bit right now following of
course what's really been I would say
what seven or eight uh days of weakness
in the last eight or nine uh sessions
right the approach to the Chinese open
today is also similar to the moves we're
seeing rangebound momentum has certainly
gone away when you look at these Hong
Kong markets we're looking at of course
one specific listing today which is FWD
more on that in a moment but as as
Minman was pointing out uh soft in the
gray market yesterday I think down 67%.
We'll watch it very closely. Dollar
China 716
64 going into of course the first
session of the week. Ivon. Yeah. Let's
get to our top story here this morning
of course as we countdown to all these
multiple tariff declines. It seems
nations are scrambling to secure those
trade deals with Washington or lobby for
extra time ahead of that deadline on
Wednesday. Now, President Trump says
tariff letters to trading partners will
start going out on Monday. He's sending
letters out on Monday having to do with
the trade deals. Uh could be 12, maybe
15. You know, Secretary of Commerce
right here. And uh I guess Howard, I
would say it could be maybe as many as
15 or so. And they'll be going out on
Monday and some will go out on Tuesday
and Wednesday. And it'll uh and we've
we've made deals also. So, we're going
to have a combination of letters and
some deals have been made.
Let's bring in our round table right
now. Chief Noria correspondent Stephen
Engel and our news desk editor Jill
Diesus. And Jill, I'll start with you.
So, letters are said to be coming out
today and now there's a August 1st sort
of deadline we have to wrap our heads
around. Yeah. I mean, Yvon, I think this
just kind of indicates how much of a
moving target this has really become. I
mean, it was really only a couple of
days ago where we were talking about,
okay, like letters are going to start
going out on Friday. We don't still even
totally know what those look like yet.
Um I mean obviously you just heard Trump
there talk about how um you know they're
still actually in negotiations with
quite a few of these countries. I think
Bessant um has indicated that they're
they kind of want to reach agreements
with some 18 or so economies here. Um
but then it's also unclear how much of
this is going to ultimately result in a
deal ahead of that um you know potential
August 1st implementation date um versus
something where it's a letter from
Washington basically is just saying this
is your new rate. Um I mean you know the
White House has tried to say look uh
it's not really an August 1 deadline but
really in practice here I mean I think
what we're looking at is um you know
they're trying to reach some kind of
arrangement uh ahead of you know July
9th which was the original deadline. But
ultimately, I mean, obviously, it's
incredibly complex to try uh to
negotiate trade arrangements with
literally dozens and dozens of countries
around the world. Well, speaking of the
the multiple fronts these negotiations
are taking are taking place, Steve, I
mean, what's the update? What's the
latest on sort of the Asian front? I
hate to talk about myself over the
weekend, but I got stung by at least 15
bees as I stepped on a hive yesterday
and I was like, this is probably what
the White House is like right now. they
have at least 12 to 15 letters going
out, 18 main trading partners uh to
prioritize, but as you said, dozens more
if not hundreds more to potentially
negotiate w with uh I can kind of
concentrate on the hives closest to us
right now. Uh India, Vietnam, Japan,
South Korea, uh to a lesser extent of
course, but not less important is the EU
as well. They've obviously been engaging
over the holiday weekend with all of
these trading partners uh as they seek
some sort of compromise or whether it's
going to be back to the April 2nd
reciprocal tariff levels which for a
country like Cambodia is extremely high.
We're talking 49%. Now on the good side
of that, the government in Nonpen
essentially Friday saying it agreed to a
framework agreement with the United
States. Hasn't gotten headlines yet.
It's not necessarily a large economy.
They say those details are forthcoming,
but they sell textiles and shoe wear,
footwear to the United States. They want
to obviously bring down that 49%.
Indonesia signaled its confidence. It's
close to a bold agreement uh with the
United States for critical minerals,
energy, defense cooperation, market
access, and Thailand is another one
before we can talk later about South
Korea and Japan. Uh Thailand has that
36% uh threat tariff looming over its
head. It's made a lastditch effort to
avoid uh those tariffs with duty with
offers of greater market access uh for
US farm and industrial goods and more
purchases of US energy and maybe even
Boeing jets. There's a I mean literally
quite a few dozen bees circling around
right now. Yeah. Julie, you chime in. I
mean where do we know we're we're close
to certain several deals? I mean are
there some deals where we're still quite
far apart yet? I mean where are we
tracking so far? Where where do things
stand still? I mean, I think um if
you're looking in terms of ones we may
be close to, I mean, India certainly has
kind of felt like we've been heading
that way um you know, for a while, but
again, we still don't really have a deal
here. I think the Cambodia thing is
pretty interesting because again, we've
got this framework in of an agreement,
but I would also point out that um you
know, I guess uh on the on the flip side
a little bit, uh Trump announced a
framework deal with Vietnam last week
and we still haven't seen a term sheet
for that. um you know I mean I mean even
you know going back even further I mean
one of the country that I think pretty
much the only country uh that we
actually saw a deal on these reciprocal
tariffs with was the UK uh you know a
couple of months ago and in that case um
you know we had uh some you know an
initial announcement and then uh we did
get that framework we did get some terms
but there's still a lot of issues that
are still open on that front
particularly when it comes to some of
those industry sectoral tariffs I'm
particularly interested in places like
South Korea and Japan honestly on Japan
doesn't really seem seem like we're
close to much at all because that auto
tariff in particular seems like such a
sticking point. We have the prime
minister Ishba saying, you know, they're
prepared for all kinds of scenarios. Um,
that's one I'm watching really really
closely because I just don't see how
they're reaching any kind of a deal
particularly before July 9th. China.
Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to
peg uh segue into. South Korea and Japan
are the real interesting ones here
because of the two-way trade and also
the the issues that we're talking about.
automobile tariffs in addition to the
reciprocal tariffs and the steel and
aluminum tariffs in addition to the
reciprocal tariffs. So, you're talking
about, I believe, and Jill maybe correct
me if I'm wrong, is it 25% on autos and
50% on steel and aluminum on top of the
24% uh reciprocal tariff that goes back
to on July 9th, if it does, of 24% for
Japan and 25% for South Korea. So you're
talking serious serious uh levels of
tariffs potentially on these two nations
and they want to see give and take. Uh
but right now it's been very difficult.
I know Akawa Akazawa who is the
negotiators had two phone calls with
Howard Lutnik uh on one on Friday for 45
minutes, another one on Saturday for an
hour trying to get some common ground
where they can reach some sort of delay
or deal. And South Korea definitely
looking for an extension uh possibly to
August 1st or beyond. Jill, that that's
the whole discussion with the US.
There's also Europe and China trade
talks going on or is that I mean it
seems like we're seeing some reciprocal
duties on both sides. What's going on
there? Yeah, I mean I think that at this
point when it comes to the EU and China,
so you just had the foreign minister
Wangi um in Europe um for an extended
period of time um trying to get ahead of
this EU summit that's supposed to take
place later this month. Although it does
seem like you know there's um um you
know part of these trips are being cut
short a little bit. So still remaining
some tensions between China and the EU.
I mean when you're both of these
countries I mean obviously like the eur
like Europe and China are you know
tremendously important trading partners
with each other. Uh Europe though
obviously faces quite a bit of pressure
from um you know its ally in the US to
institute trading curbs and things on uh
on China. Um EVs in particular has been
a really big sticking point um in
conversations with these two nations. Um
I you know with the the block and and
also with China. Um, I mean, I think
that, you know, one thing that we're
going to want to look out for is
ultimately how those kinds of relations
develop uh through the end of the month,
but yeah, I mean, I think just kind of
shows you that it's really not just
about Washington's relationships with
everyone else. It's also just about how
they all um, you know, work with each
other as well. I mean, look at how China
is trying to respond to um, you know,
the the US's attempts to create trading
curves that might ultimately hurt it.
Um, I mean, you know, going in and
talking to a lot of, you know,
countries, whether it be Europe, whether
it be, you know, other nations in
Southeast Asia, trying to figure out how
to negotiate its own agreements. Yeah, I
think China definitely wanted to make
some inroads with the EU. Um, given
their difficulties with the United
States and the EU's difficulties with
the United States, but by the fact that
they're cutting short the EU summit,
which is supposed to be the 24th and the
25th, they're cutting it in half likely
from according to sources, they're not
going to they're going to stick to
Beijing. the fact that Wong E was in
Europe all week, I mean, seven full
days, and then they still came out with
these uh reciprocal uh anti-procurement
tariffs of on medical devices. It shows
there's there's despite their efforts,
there's bad bad blood as well on the
trade front between Europe and China on
the industrial magnets, the rare earth
magnets is a big issue. EVs is a big
issue, a number of different issues.
Obviously Ursula Vanderlayan the
European Commission president who's
going to China for that u you know
summit she's been very critical of the
trade practices of China so we'll have
to see how that definitely plays out.
All right, Steve, thank you. Our chief
Malaysia correspondent, Stephen Engel,
there and Jill D is our news desk
editor. That's why we're watching all
things medical procurement devices.
We're also watching all things booze
too. This morning as well in your agenda
as we talked about we're wrapping up
that Wangi trip in Europe. The next one
we're watching is Lee Chang at the brick
summit as well. We talked about that FWD
debut in Hong Kong here today. Uh still
talking about honky dollar weakness and
highore rates as well. On the flip side
also we're talking about repo rates that
are falling in China and sectors. We
mentioned medical devices, we mentioned
booze, energy as well. Just given the
surprise move from OPEC over the
weekend, Dave. Yeah, there we go. Lots
to pay attention to as we make our way
into the Monday session. 19 minutes away
coming up as well here or the head of
investment advisory and advisor at
Scythe is joining us to talk about
market strategy and really what the key
assumptions are as we make our way into
the second half of this year. And
speaking of this listening to the FWD,
the CEO joins us uh in the next hour of
the China show. Counting down to the
open of trade. 18 minutes now away.
Futures are doing this amidst a hot and
extremely humid Hong Kong Monday
morning. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
All right, it is turning into a big week
as well. The narrative seems to be that
a little bit of concern of a possible
return of higher tariffs here and
certainly we are seeing when it comes to
risk assets that is where most of the
headline risk remains here today. You
still have Fed minutes coming through in
the middle part of this year uh this
week I should say. Then you got RBNZ,
you have RBA, it's a backtoback sort of
a central bank decisions there and we're
watching very closely inflation numbers
coming through from China. That sort of
deflationary trend has not quite
changed. And then to wrap things up, we
got BK and Malaysia central banks there
as well. Yeah, you know, the weak I
think that the read through across FX
markets from all these rate decisions is
that you know, a Fed that has remained
on hold, but with a weak dollar which
really doesn't is something that doesn't
really drive well usually in history has
allowed central banks in EM to cut
interest rates. And what's happened is
this is really one uh one of the things
that stood out during this cycle is that
the US dollar has not of course uh
strengthened as the Fed has held rates.
In fact, right now the dollar index,
this is a key macro chart for you, is
now back to the levels when the Fed
started hiking interest rates more than
more than three years ago. Yeah,
certainly it's a a big shift that we all
had to deal with here in the first half
of 2025. What does the second half
bring? Let's bring in Retesh Ganero,
head of investment and advisory at
investment platform Scythe. He joins us
live from Singapore this morning.
Retesh, it's great to have you. Your one
of the themes that you've been tracking
of course is this global rotation and
the weakening of the dollar. What does
that you know what's in store for the
second half then? Are we likely to see
this leadership continue and or can we
see actually US markets bring back and
get back its mojo again? Yeah, so one of
the biggest macro stories this year has
been the depreciation of the US dollar.
And when you look at it from the
investor lens as well, it is important
to kind of like realize that the bar for
when you look at the US equity market is
now even higher because all the gains
that you got from the US market of
around 6% were kind of like eroded away
from the US dollar weakening and you saw
you know at Scythe for example we've
seen clients diversify internationally
into European equities EM equities which
are up 24 and 15% respectively this year
compared to just the 6% in the US. And
now you know essentially as the rate
differential continues to narrow we
believe that the US dollar may continue
its weakening trajectory. So you know
while you are seeing the three-year
chart if you extend the time horizon
actually US dollar is still you know
expensive on a trade weighted basis and
history suggests that when such thing
happens emerging market equities tend to
outperform uh during periods of such
weakness.
So ret do we continue to assume then
that the money that's gone into Europe
and other places that that simply
continues?
Yeah, absolutely. See, again, I think
when it when you look at an
international investor and how you are
asset allocating, it is not just a
regional rotation story uh per se, it is
about like repositioning for a very
different cycle ahead. And when you look
at it from a currency adjusted basis,
then you know obviously you need to
diversify uh away from the US. While
there are pockets of opportunities
within the US as well, I do believe that
investors as a whole will be better off
if they are diversifying into European
equities into you know the emerging
markets as well.
What part of the US market is still
attractive then? Are there certain
sectors that you still look at where you
know you still have to be in right now
ret?
Yeah. So uh firstly look the AI
investment story uh is still intact. Uh
in fact it is broadening and we are
moving from the mega cap kind of
hyperscalers to second order
beneficiaries such as your
semiconductors your cyber security
infrastructure data centers uh as well
as uranium like in the power side of
things. So investors should really look
to build diversified exposure to the
broader AI ecosystem and thereby kind of
like reduce their concentration risk
that you are observing in the major
indices of the US as well and still keep
tapping into these you know other new
growth drivers. Uh beyond tech, we are
also positive on select US sectors such
as the industrials and the financials
which can continue to kind of benefit
from uh Trump administrations, you know,
the pro business policies that they have
just unvealed.
Right. And ret I'm I'm glad you brought
that up because we're trying to also
figure out in terms of Trump and their
policies there where exactly the US is
in its in its credit cycle. And I wonder
what what what insights you might have
on that.
Yeah. So look, I think uh overall uh if
you look at um you know the the interest
rate side of things, uh obviously um the
Fed has been uh very circumspect in
terms of reducing you know the rates uh
so far but uh I do believe that in the
second half the Fed will become much
more flexible and uh if you look at
inflation data we are now on a path to
dis disinflation and uh I'm saying that
because like you know when you look at
the core PC it came out at 2.7% so
trending you know towards that um you
know fed target of 2%. And uh if you
break down inflation as well so while
the goods prices have spiked due to
tariffs the services inflation is
cooling down and especially in the
housing sector. So as a whole uh broadly
as growth also slows down with the
impact of tariffs etc kicking in. Uh
this sets the stage for the Fed to kind
of pivot sooner and you know look at the
consumption side etc as well. uh and and
you know what the market is expecting
and what the Fed has guided so far, we
might look at you know more rate cuts
going forward uh and sooner in fact uh
than what the market is pricing
and you know that seems to be an
environment where fixed income might
actually also do well retween hard
currency or local currency plays where
do you think the preferences should be
going into the second half of this year?
So yeah u fixed income is definitely you
know back and uh it needs to be smart
though. So overall uh if you're looking
at fixed income and the interest rates
are going to come down the shorter end
of the yield curve is going to come down
and the longer end while you know might
remain anchored. So you're looking at
the steepening of the yield curve and in
terms of positioning uh we really like
the belly of the curve in the 3 to
sevenyear horizon high quality
investment grade and on a currency
hedged basis. So um when as an investor
you're looking to invest into the fixed
income side of things um you have to be
a little bit more active to manage you
know these uh specific idiosyncrasies
and u you know also from a currency
standpoint I would I I I like the you
know local currency debt as well given
again the dollar weakness kicking in so
benefiting these uh local currency debt
too. Uh but apart from fixed income it
is also an opportunity for investors to
diversify uh and have various sources of
income. So from a Singapore standpoint,
if you look at the Singapore REITs
market, uh it is at 6% yield trading
almost like 4% above the cash rate. So
that's highly attractive and as interest
rates continue to come down, you know,
that's an area where we see, you know,
opportunities coming in as well. Um
other than that, again, uh if you look
at on the accredited investor side on
our platform, for example, we are
seeing, you know, pretty good traction
on private credit. Uh again, there are,
you know, aspects which are, you know,
looking a bit frothy there. But overall
if you are looking at uncorrelated
returns uh this is a place if you do the
manager selection properly uh then there
is you know these attractive returns of
high single digit to double digit that
you can also capture
for a non US investor though how how
important is currency hedging right now
in this environment
it's it's it's a bit tough I guess like
you know as a US investor uh to do that
currency hedge but you know we are
seeing you know from a US investor
standpoint as well uh a diversification
way you know firstly within the US as I
said earlier and then you know on a more
global basis as well. So if you look at
countries such as China and India,
China's allocation in global you know
portfolios have diminished over the last
few years. Uh if you look at the all
country world index for example China is
only like 3 three and a half%. But if
you look at um China from a GDP
contribution standpoint uh it needs to
be in that mid you know teens of sorts.
So we are seeing that as you know the
structural reforms kind of kick in in
China uh as well as you know more policy
stimulus aspects are you know brought in
uh then you know you're looking at that
reallocation back to the Chinese and the
broader EM you know side of things as
well. Similarly in India still very
resilient you know domestic demand story
and secular growth story unfolding there
too. So in terms of again asset
allocation, we are encouraging our
investors to be diversified firstly
within the US in terms of not having
just those you know index exposures you
know those mega cap tech but also the
broader AI ecosystem plus your your
other you know sector beneficiaries uh
and then beyond US you're looking at the
European and the ch Chinese and Indian
equities to lead the EM side of things
as well.
Rich thank you so much have a great week
ahead there. I think for once Hong Kong
is going to give Singapore a run for its
money in terms of the heat and humidity
there. But yeah, stay cool. Uh Riches
Garald there, head of investment and
advisory at Scythe, right? Going into
the open today, just under what's going
into 6 minutes away thereabouts, 410 of
1% to the downside. There's a listing
here FWD. We'll get more on that in a
moment. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
Welcome back to the show. You're looking
at some live pictures coming through as
well. This is almost a daily exercise of
ours given how Oh, there we go. On your
screens right now. And uh for those in
Hong Kong, you probably recognize the
faces on the stage right now. Finally,
FWD is listing here in Hong Kong. Quite
a substantial amount of money. 38 bucks
a pop thereabouts. Gray market was down
and yeah we're waiting for of course
this the trading debut the latest one of
course and it's been been a blockbuster
year. Yeah, Mr. Richard Lee there on
stage as he's been waiting for years for
this listing right first it was attempt
in the US then it got caught in these
kind of US try to crosshairs here and
then you know three more times they
tried to list here in the city uh but
really there was a prolonged IPO slump
the deal never materialized here but now
we are now talking about their debut
here but yes unchanged right now we're
at 38 bucks right now Dave yeah there we
go Bonnie Chan of course who heads the
exchange here plenty more ahead
including of course Minman Larard China
correspondent is there at the exchange.
The open is just ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back. You are watching the China
show and we are just a couple of seconds
away about 40 seconds away from the
opening bell and the banging of the well
the literal gong there uh you see on
your screens. Of course this is for to
mark the listing and the debut of FWD
the insur of course here in Hong Kong
after several attempts to get this to
get the stock listed. Yeah. So, first in
the US as we mentioned, then three more
times here in the city, but you know, it
seems like they're coming in at a time
when the IPO market is really coming
back. So, the timing of this is quite
interesting as well. And you are seeing
the likes of Richard Lee there. I'm
guessing he's quite relieved that this
is finally going through here. So, we'll
see how the shares trade there. Our very
own Mimllo is on the ground there at the
Hong Kong Exchange. And certainly once
again, another IPO and listing here in
the city. There you go. The gong is
about to be hit.
[Applause]
That's how you do it. Get those hips
into it. That's how you do it. I'm
figuring maybe some golf helped with
that. But yeah, like almost right on the
money there. Weren't they moving that
gong around the city? I love that. Yes.
Didn't they have that by the harbor
front? It was a whole thing. I loved it.
Um there you go. Uh so things are
looking slightly to the downside here
right now for FWD, but we talk about,
you know, they're using this sort of
proceeds from this IPO and listing for
the likes of, you know, reducing debt,
maybe a little bit more expansion
overseas. We're going to get that take
from the CEO in the next hour as well as
he joins us exclusively for that chat as
well. But there you go, Bonnie Chan
there shaking hands with everybody. Uh
certainly one thing to watch here in the
Hong Kong market, but let's broaden it
out a little bit to see how these onore
markets are doing at the first day of
trade of this trading week as well. Uh
obviously there's this threat of this
return of tariffs as we see all these
nations racing and really hustling to
try to get a trade deal with the US
before that July 9th deadline. Keep in
mind, we're also circling that August
1st deadline where some seem to be where
some of these tariffs will take effect
as well. So, we're still wrapping our
heads around that. I'm guessing that's
what traders are really that the point
dealing with as well. We're slightly to
the downside when it comes to CSI 300
here this morning. Uh obviously watching
what goes on in the Shanghai pri crude
there following what we saw in the drop
in WTI and Brent this morning on the
back of that OPEC plus hike when it
comes to output there and really kind of
adding to the concerns about maybe
swelling uh supply in the back half of
this year or the like. There you go.
Then we're taking a look at when it
lends to some of the big names as well.
Not a whole lot of in terms of trends
here this morning, but let's flip the
boards and we're watching very closely
Hong Kong. Uh you know, Goldman had a
pretty interesting line talking a little
bit more about dividends, right? So
they're saying uh Chinese prime
dividends may rise 10% to three trillion
yen this year. So that whole income play
is still very much there. Uh and they
they've been tracking over 4,300
companies in the Asure Hshare and ADR
markets and they're saying look this is
still a play and focus on old China
companies uh new China companies as well
but maybe more so the old China
companies. Uh take a look when it comes
to Hong Kong. There you go. We're seeing
eight shares down about a third of 1% as
tech is on offer here this morning.
Honky dollar still very much trading on
the weekend of that trading bed at
$784.99
and we are seeing a very flat REMBB
right now. Keep in mind Xiaomi we're
going to talk a little bit more about
that uh of course on the back of that
SUV launch last week and certainly the
comparisons on really what this means
and and how they were able to deliver an
SUV as well. Uh we got that deep dive
coming up in our next hour as well. But
there you go. Alibaba is down some 2%
interesting enough. Mtoan also down some
3%. Let's take a look at some some of
these chip stocks as well. We talked
about a little bit more about what's
going on with what the US is doing. So,
they're playing these AI chip curves on
Malaysia on Thailand over some of the
concerns there as well. So, uh some of
these Chinese chip stocks are actually
doing quite well here today. And then
we're watching oil given just the what
surprise move from OPEC over the weekend
here. So, uh we are likely to see some
of these energy players. There you go.
Heading lower here this morning, Dave.
Okay. Um, if I could ask our producers,
I know we haven't planned this, to get
Matean shares back up at least 3690. And
Ivon just mentioned the open, they're
down about 3%. The reason I think we
should be paying attention to the stock,
well, for one, I think this is really
the competition story. Number two, on a
share price basis, the last time we
traded at 117
on Mtoan stock. M it's now completely
erased all the gains not just from when
the POC came out with the briefing in
late September but all the way back to
the start of that month mtoan there we
go we've now taken a 117 a pop we're
down three and a half call it three and
a quarter% there uh on shares of the
platform company more on that in a
moment there certainly it is indicative
and symptomatic of course of the broader
conversations around competition and in
the new areas of that right we'll table
that for now we'll talk about this big
listing here in Hong Kong and cross it
over now to Minman Law, our China
correspondent there at the Hong Kong
Exchange. And Minman, yeah, the stock is
opening low.
Yes, a little bit flat at the open
today, but it was trading even lower in
the gray market, 6.6% down, and it's
recovered a little bit. I think you can
hear the cheers and the clapping around
me. A lot of exuberance here. It's
certainly a very big way, big day for
FWD, 4 years in the making. And of
course, the attention is not just on um
the interest from retail investors. It's
the institutional investors that FWD has
managed to secure, including a Japanese
life insurer as well as a unit of the
Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund, which
speaks to the Hong Kong government's
ability to attract international capital
here. That was what Freda, the chairman,
was saying on stage earlier as well.
Given that this is a company that
actually doesn't have a presence in the
Middle East, it's a pan Asian company.
Richard the son of billionaire tycoon um
Lee Kashing was here as well. He
continues to be the controlling
shareholder holding on to 66% of the
shares and our Bloomberg intelligence
teams believes that uh there is still
potential for the uh valuation multiple
to increase given the price today the
price to book value ratio is just 0.9
times so quite low compared to some
other insurance giants like credential
and AIA
m talk about the twists and turns it's
been a four-year journey to get to this
moment what's the timing. Why do you
think FWD is choosing to list now?
Yeah, it's a long time in the making.
They first applied to list in the US in
2021 in the private market, citing the
size and the fluidity, the liquidity of
the US market at the time, but it was
thought because US regulators were
concerned about the risks of Beijing's
overreach over Hong Kong company. So
then half a year later, FWD uh shifted
strategy and chose to list in Hong Kong
instead. But that was in 2022. You
remember the economy was badly hit after
COVID. The capital markets were not
doing very well. It drove valuation down
and then the company decided to delay
the IPO and it wasn't until earlier this
year when there was a rerating of Hong
Kong capital markets that we started to
see this rebound in deals and IPOs in
this city. And that could be why the
company is choosing to also enlist now
taking advantage of the more favorable
market conditions.
Mman, thank you Mimo there. Our China
correspondent will continue to track of
course that stock which is a pretty calm
I guess you could say pretty flat at
this debut today. Let's get to one of
our Bloomberg scoops as well. Pretty
interesting one is that the Trump
administration plans to restrict
shipments of AI chips to Malaysia and
Thailand to prevent suspected
semiconductor smuggling into China.
Let's bring in our technology and
geopolitics reporter Mackenzie Hawkins
uh with that scoop and and just tell us
what's really going on right now. So, a
couple of months ago, the Trump
administration said that they were going
to get rid of global semiconductor
controls imposed by the Biden
administration in his final week in
office. And export controls are
basically a requirement that you need to
apply for the US government's permission
before you ship a certain product to a
certain place. So that brought the US
back to another somewhat complicated
arrangement where we restrict ship
shipments to China and also to 40ome
other countries that are suspected of
potentially providing a pathway for
Chinese companies to still access this
critical technology. Now the Trump
administration has a draft rule. It's a
draft. It could still change. um that
says in addition to those 40ome
countries from a couple of years ago
which include most of the Middle East,
parts of Central Asia, parts of Africa,
we're also potentially going to add
Malaysia and Thailand.
You mentioned so this is still a moving
target. There's still discussions here.
What's next? What's next here? What are
the arrangements that are perhaps taking
place behind the scenes here? So we have
this one draft rule that gets rid of
this global licensing requirement, goes
back to the group of 40ome countries and
adds Malaysia and Thailand. But the
Trump administration has promised a
broader replacement to Biden's so-called
AI diffusion rule. That could
potentially include things like
conditions on overseas AI data centers.
You know, under what security protocols
are you allowed to import American
ships? Are we going to limit the amount
that can go to a particular country? All
of those questions remain unanswered.
Okay, Mackenzie, thank you so much.
Fantastic. Mackenzie Hawkins there, uh,
our tech and geopolitics reporter on the
latest there. Right. And some other
corporate headlines that we're tracking
this morning here, Hanghai has reported
a 15.8% very specific percent growth
here in quarterly sales due to strong
demand for AI servers and iPhones. Now
the firm expects third quarter sales to
grow too onyear uh driven by a strong AI
supply chain and potential upside to
iPhone production volume. Honghai had
cuts its fullear revenue guidance in May
due to the potential fallout from a US
China trade war. Now, President Trump
says that US will discuss a Tik Tok deal
with China on Monday or Tuesday and that
Beijing or that Washington and Beijing
uh pretty much have a deal. Now, the
information has also reported that Tik
Tok is building a new version of its app
for US peers ahead of a planned sale to
a group of investors. The company
reportedly plans to launch the app in US
stores on September the 5th. And coming
up, we'll be speaking exclusively with
the FWD's group CEO as the firm prepares
to make that train debut. Well, they
already made it. They're here in Hong
Kong this hour. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, China and the European Union have
reportedly completed the technical
portion of EV talks. Now, that's
according to a social media account
affiliated with state media. Now, both
sides are trying to hammer out an
agreement after the EU imposed steep
tariffs on Chinese EV imports last year.
And the block has alleged state
subsidies gave the country's vehicles an
unfair advantage. Now, Goldman Sachs
says there is no inflection inside here
for Chinese EVs with capacity still
expanding. But the caveat here is at a
slower pace. Joining us from Shanghai
now is Tina Ho, China Autos analyst at
Goldman Sachs. Tina, good morning.
Thanks for joining us today. Good
morning. The
I mean certainly the the competition
remains quite fierce price competition.
I wonder so I'm losing count. Um some of
our team are losing count. Do do we know
how many times that they've cut prices
so far year to date? Give us a broad
estimate of you know where the dynamic
is at the moment.
Right. So I think basically around every
every month there is around 10 uh 10
models that's cutting price uh in terms
of newly launched models or facelift
models and then also every month there
are 10 new models launched in the
market. So uh I don't blame you if you
lose count or anyone lose count on that.
Can you tell us a little bit? I mean
that it seems like officials are trying
to crack down on this right now and and
really try to at least end these price
wars. Have things slowed down since
then?
Right. So what we saw is that uh at the
end of May uh the government has came
out and then urged the industry to stop
uh the very aggressive price
competition, the price cut and then it
has been very effective actually. Uh so
we track actually around 20 uh 200 uh
models dealer discount on a weekly basis
including about 130 um EV models and 70
IC models. Uh since the end of May we
actually saw the dealer discount
actually stabilizing or or even
narrowing for majority of these models.
So um as you can see everyone is
listening to the government. That being
said, um that doesn't mean there isn't
any price competition in the market. Uh
because there are also other ways to
implement the price competition and then
what we have observed in the market is
through new model launches as well as
through the facelift model launches. So
we have seen with these new models uh
they are still coming at in the market
at very competitive pricing or uh at a
lower price versus like last year's
version.
Okay. So, Satina, if if if the current
measures are working near-term and I
think you mentioned the broader
economics still favor competition, do
you expect the government guidance to
become even more strict?
Yeah, I think that's u definitely a key
to watch. uh will the government uh
putting like further stricter um con
control on these new model launches or
on the facelift model launches. Uh I
think one it will be uh not easy to
implement because that would probably
mean that you need to have a sort of
price approval mechanism for every one
of these new single launches and is this
interfering with the market too much
because that's too specific. uh but we
do understand at that at the same time
um there are the lower tier of the
market or the lagards that are really
struggling to uh survive in the market
and be be uh maintain profitability. So
that has implication to um the job
security and then headcount uh reduction
implications for these companies. So uh
I think the government really need to
strike a balance between the development
of the EV space as well as the overall
employment as well as consumer
confidence in the market. What about
when it comes to subsidies? Because it
seems like you know those kind of cash
for clunkers programs and all these
things to boost consumption did in fact
support a lot of what we saw in the
sales volume uh for the first half of
this year. there there's expectation
that that sort of impact is going to
fade uh as we get closer to the end of
the year. Is is that your assumption now
Tina?
Right. So in fact both the subsidy
stimulus subsidy that's implemented
mainly starting from the uh second half
of last year as well as the government
intervention on pricing has effectively
delayed the inflection or consolidation
timing of the auto industry in China. uh
we have saw that subsidy has become very
uh actually effective starting from uh
the second half of last year and then
first half of this year the overall
passenger vehicle volume grew by 10%
year-over-year in the domestic market
which is very strong but we do note that
that is on a low base from the first
half of last year and then into the
second half we're going to face a much
higher base and then the um we do expect
the year-over-year volume growth to a
meaningfully come down to even maybe
negative territory into the fourth
quarter of this year. So by that time um
it's very important to see whether
government they want to um uh add more
uh add more subsidy to boost further
growth for the market or are they
willing to accept a uh negative growth
into let's say the fourth quarter of
this year
and Tina how then in that operating
environment do OEMs manage their own
cost curves you know what are you seeing
as far as dynamics between maybe some of
the top players and uh the rest of the
group.
Yeah. Um so uh compared now with around
one year ago, we actually see the the
cost curve among the top group as well
as the bottom group started to steepen
even further. I.e. the top players they
become more competitive in terms of both
their uh volume uh their cost as well as
their profitability. Whereas the lag
arts they are facing even more challenge
and then uh actually uh some of these
lagards are uh ses with foreign jvs who
are mainly uh exposed to the IC uh the
IC vehicles. So they are the ones that
are struggling. uh so we can understand
why the the government want to step in a
little bit and then help with the
employment and the overall stability of
these S so SOE companies as well.
Uh Tina I was I was going to get your
investment thesis here. You you have a
buy rating when it comes to BYD a sell
when it comes to SIC. Can you tell us a
bit more about the thinking behind those
calls?
Right. Um I think from a um top- down
perspective we're number one looking at
the overall volume growth whereas for
BYD I think not just for the domestic
market the story going forward for BYD
will be mainly more focused on the
export overseas market expansion which
we have seen so far this year is growing
at over 100% year-over-year. uh so very
strong and then we also note that the
overseas uh profitability for majority
of the China OEMs they are higher versus
the domestic market. So we think the
overseas acceleration of uh export
business will also contribute higher
margin for the company whereas on the
other hand sic they're mainly still uh
exposed to the IC uh market and then the
IC are the JV part are the cash cow
historically for these SOE companies but
then they are losing uh volume and then
they are losing the profitability
whereas for the own brand or the EV
brand for these um SOE they are still um
mainly on lossmaking territory. So
relatively speaking, the exposure, the
growth and then the profitability trend
for these two companies are actually
quite diverging.
Tina, thank you. Tina Ho there, China
Autos analyst at Goldman Sachs joining
us from Shanghai this morning. Take a
look when it comes to how these markets
are doing. Uh we are on a bit of a back
foot here when it comes to equities here
on shore and here in Hong Kong. MEI
China Hang is down about 7/10en of 1%.
Tech seems to be dragging that lower
here this morning and onshore looking a
little bit relatively speaking better
but still seeing some downside there.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomber
[Music]
Well, tensions between the EU and China
are growing. French Finance Minister
Eric Lombard is calling for stronger
tariff barriers as Beijing announces
reciprocal curbs on EU medical devices.
China is also imposing anti-dumping
duties on European brandy for 5 years
while exempting major producers that
commit to keeping their prices above
minimum levels. But the French industry
minister told us exclusively this should
not be seen as a victory.
It is too early uh to talk about the
impact because we need to assess uh the
overall impact for the cogak industry.
Uh you know trade wars only make losers.
So we shouldn't be happy with what was
announced today by China. uh even if
some agreements can be found but uh I
think that there are a lot of jobs
thousands of jobs uh that are at stake
uh with the cognac industry. uh many uh
parliamentaries, many MPs talk to me
about what happens in their constituency
with Cognac and I think that we all must
find a way to deescalate this trade war
uh with regards with regards to cognac
but also with regards to all the tariff
issues. Another obviously big deadline
is July 9 for the US tariffs. Uh we may
have some letters from uh President
Donald Trump today sent about this US
tariffs. Uh do you think that if the EU
settles with 10%
uh is that a good deal uh for Europe um
should we just settle at 10% and be done
with it? No, I don't think that's a good
deal. I don't think that's a good deal
because previously we were at two three
4% of tariffs uh in many industries and
uh all the value chains uh were
organized uh by uh taking into account
this level of tariffs. So I think that
10% uh is not a good deal and I think
that we all should find a way uh to uh
get back to the formal situation.
Yeah, that was Mark Farachi there,
French industry minister speaking
exclusively with her colleague Carolene
Caroline Konan there. Right. Uh movers
to tell you about some big ones here.
FEA China FEA is down by a record as
much as 18% at one point. Not that 17%
is uh any material difference there.
Downgrade coming through out of city. Uh
the bank downgrading the stock here to
neutral from buy underscoring this
weakness in the first half prelim
results. And of course the the bank also
opening it 30-day downside catalyst
watch on the stock. Yeah, Mauen as well.
This is a JP Morgan downgrade on the
film outlook. They're saying low
visibility in China's film market growth
given the weak demand and alternative
entertainment formats. So there you go.
The stock down some 2 and a.5% here
today. So the consumption side of things
seems to be a key focus here and we'll
watch how Mtoan continue to see a lot of
downside there on that stock. That's
also a consumption related stock. We'll
get to that later. Plus of course the
debut here in Hong Kong. Plenty more
ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session and we are seeing uh pretty
when it comes a little bit pressure when
it comes to equities here this morning.
you're seeing a little bit more
pronounced of a of a down day in
offshore and MSsei China is down about
half of 1% but really there's a lot of
angst when it comes to tariffs that
certainly is now returning to the fray.
Uh obviously we're talking about the
dollar as well just given that we
continue to see that weakness and you
know we'll see right I mean certainly
we're waiting for these tariff
deadlines. We're just two days away from
the official one but you know there's a
lot of moving parts and moving targets
and moving deadlines as well. I am
genuinely confused with, you know, we
keep jumping from deadline to deadline
and it seems like a never- ending cycle
of what's the next thing to watch
because we don't know if we're going to
hit and the deadline keep, you know,
they they keep moving the the goalpost
on this until maybe they get a favorable
outcome as it pertains to trade and it's
happening at so many fronts that there's
actually now a bottleneck really, you
know, how much really conversations can
you as trade officials actually have
with multiple trade partners, right? for
everything from Cambodia all the way to
China, all the way to different parts of
the world, Korea and China, everything
in between. Um, meanwhile that's taking
place against you have the several
central bank decisions this week. Ivon
is pointing out the dollar story. When
you look at the China story, inflation's
coming out. Um, I haven't seen myself in
vision for a long time. I guess it's
time to do that.
Okay. Not yet. You got to talk about
repo rates first. Oh, yeah. I was about
to say well I was about to say the the
the reason I brought up central banks is
because that you know where you are with
local currency rates right so we have
inflation coming out of China this week
and markets seem to be getting ahead of
what seems to be a low inflation
environment still with you know so this
one in particular actually updated in
the last hour has now fallen to the
lowest level uh in two years um uh FX
markets are also looking at the dollar
has now completely reversed all the
gains to Ivon's point since when the Fed
started hiking interest rates. Yeah. So,
you know, you got to wonder, right? You
know, what's else is in store for this
dollar downtrend, right? When you have
the market continue to price in Fed rate
cuts, does that mean that the dollar
still has further to go? But that jobs
support on Friday was quite telling as
well that we're still talking about a
very strong labor market in some ways or
at least resilient labor market and that
sort of priced out a lot of possibility
of maybe Fed rate cuts as early as July
and maybe putting us more in line with
what the dots and what the Fed has been
saying all along. It's hard to I was
reading the note coming out of Eric
Robertson. Yes. uh and Stant Chart over
the weekend they put out that SMS a
fantastic really scene setter for the
week and I think one of the assumptions
they're making well what one question
they asked is you know does the dollar
remain negatively correlated to risk
assets and they actually think the the
market is underpricing
they think dollar rates are still quite
too low so they think actually that
moves up um and that that's going to be
the pain trade I guess but yeah it's
it's hard to figure out where we are in
the cycle right they also mentioned it's
not enough to kind of boost a sustain
recovery in the dollar. So even if rates
come up. Yeah. So that was just quite
interesting as well. Um yeah, let's get
to our top story now. We're talking
about nations scrambling to secure those
trade deals with Washington or at least
lobby for extra time ahead of
Wednesday's deadline. So we've been
trying to kind of focus on nation by
nation, country by country, and that's
really how it is, right? There are some
that are actually getting letters being
sent whether either today or tomorrow.
Um where we stand right now. So I think
Japan is the one to watch. South Korea,
Jill was or Jill Dies was saying where
you might get something here, but Japan
seems to be they've been hitting a lot
of stumbling blocks in all of this as
well. India might be something that we
might get a mini deal in the next 48
hours or so. Uh so we're watching
Southeast Asia and really this really is
a very China ccentric sort of deal when
you take a look at what the US is trying
to do with Malaysia with Thailand when
it comes to chip those chip curbs as
well. So certainly there's a China angle
to all this too, right? And how they
counter some of these flows uh around
Southeast Asia. I mean the deal with
Vietnam last week on trade, it's not
chip specific, but you really get a
sense that trans shipment, trans
shipments, they're closing the
loopholes, whether that's access via,
you know, access to chips, or access,
you know, trans ship goods, of course,
going into the US. So, um, a lot of this
really comes down to yes, there are many
fronts, but you know, at some point it
comes down to what does the what does
the relationship look like between the
US and China? that of course there's a
there's a framework that we understand
of course has been agreed on but how
that actually looks uh in fact one of
the other top stories I should call
attention to right now on the Bloomberg
terminal I think it was out on Friday uh
an advisor I think to the foreign
ministry Chinese foreign ministry had
said that time is actually running out
if the two leaders Chinese president Xi
Jinping and President Donald Trump are
to actually meet yeah this year time is
running out on that I think is is the
other thing alto together so but yes Um
that's just to say it's it's a
complicated and very fluid issue uh out
there. And meanwhile, the dollar has
acted like a not a haven. Uh in fact, we
were just pointing this out at 97 on the
dollar index. We're now back to the
levels when the Fed started hiking
interest rates more than 3 years ago.
Yeah. And US policy volatility that
really has spurred demand for fixed
income assets and em currencies as well,
right? You take a look how money
managers look for alternatives to of
course dollar assets. This chart shows
the performance of bonds and local
currencies versus their dollar
denominated peers and you are seeing you
know there is that kind of
outperformance that we're seeing when it
comes to local currency EM bonds. Take a
look at Latam for example that certainly
is the beneficiary and the destination a
lot of these foreign investors are
looking at here right now. Uh let's
bring in Ala Basheri head of emerging
market debt at BMP Paraba Asset
Management. She joins us now from
Singapore. It's great to have you. Um
maybe I'll get your take on just before
you get to your EM outlook that your
your move and your call on the dollar.
For one thing, Sanchart was saying US
rates are too low across the curve. Do
you agree with that sort of view and and
what does that mean for your overall
view of the dollar moving forward?
Hello. Good morning. Uh thank you for
having me. Um our view is that uh we
will continue to see a dollar weaker um
on the margin uh throughout the rest of
this year. On the back of the tariff
talks that still continue. We do expect
that there is going to be an extension
to the talks given the breadth of the
discussions that need to take place
across multiple countries. Um as a
result of this uh dollar weaker uh for
the rest of the year, we are more
positive on local currency uh bonds and
FX across emerging markets where they do
stand to benefit from this weaker dollar
moving forward.
And just in terms of David here by the
way in terms of the local currency place
that you mentioned u across that entire
complex help us understand where
valuations are which look the most
attractive and where might sort of the
spreads be looking a bit tight at the
moment there.
Well, on the local currency, um, we do
find that, uh, jurisdictions in Latam,
for example, in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia
and even in Asia, across India and
Indonesia, valuations are attractive
while you where the real uh rates are
elevated and you do have good external
buffers and an improving uh growth uh
story across those uh jurisdictions. We
also find that there is value in the
dollar part of these uh EM jurisdictions
where the riskreward is very attractive
with a backdrop of very strong
fundamentals uh across uh uh some of
these uh emerging market economies.
How are you, as the firm looking at the
return to tariffs potentially, right? If
if we start to see higher tariff rates
than than what we've been dealing with
during this truce and negotiation
period, should I expect spreads to start
widening out? You know, how do you think
this is all going to play out?
Well, what we saw earlier this year was
uh very much uh an uncertainty that was
built uh when those uh trade uh talks uh
were initially uh um started earlier
this year. That created a vacuum where
investors were unable to really gauge
where we would land uh in terms of
tariffs. We don't expect the same sort
of vacuum to be created. What we do see
is that the trajectory in talks are much
more friendlier and supportive to a
better environment. While we don't see
all talks wrapping up uh this week, we
do see that the direction is the right
one with both parties very much willing
to come to a a conclusion that suits
both sides. And as a result, we do not
expect to see the same sort of spread
widening that was a result of the vacuum
that was created earlier this year. Of
course, if we pivot away from this and
we do see that these discussions take
longer or even break down, then that
would be an environment in which we
could test those levels again. But that
is not our base case uh um at the moment
given the willingness that we see from
both parties.
And in what in what form do you think we
may see mean reversion in terms of you
know people are completely bearish now
on the dollar and I wonder what in
particular that might reverse where do
you think for example strategies would
do well as far as hard currency hard
currency goes?
Well, in hard currency um we are more
comfortable with uh allocating to
duration. Of course, we think that
selectivity is absolutely key um for
investors uh throughout this process. So
when we do take comfort in taking a
longer duration positioning, it is very
much on a selective basis. uh for
example we do like uh the longer
duration part of the curve in Latin
America across Brazil, Mexico and
Colombia where we do see that the
riskreward is more attractive and we do
see uh room for the central banks uh to
ease uh moving forward and be more
supportive of that asset class. are also
um less subject to any sort of pivot
away from the tariff talks that are
taking place. Um and that riskreward has
provided you with those valuations uh to
take advantage of the longer parts uh of
uh of the curve.
We we have had a lot of guests or
starting to see more guests talk about
the opportunities in frontier markets
beyond just the Lat story. what what
what's attracting you to more of the
frontier markets? I mean, obviously
there's a liquidity issue, but why lean
towards that sort of that space?
Well, we've had several um high yielding
uh um economies and jurisdictions that
performed really well this year. Um
Argentina being one of them. Uh we had
seen that um on the back of the uh new
government that was elected the their
targets were met in terms of uh tackling
inflation and that of course was uh led
to positive sentiment across the asset
class and we did see that perform. We do
see that across other high yielding and
frontier names. Uh it is important to
highlight uh that last year we saw a lot
of the negotiations surrounding their
financing needs um and uh them
uh um addressing their liability
um maturities take place whether it was
with the IMF or World Bank or investors
um across markets and they started this
year with uh and we saw the performance
last year on the back of that But that
strong footing has uh continued into
this year where we've seen them meet
their targets in terms of growth,
inflation and has led to those asset
classes performing
um and more insulated with towards the
global macro backdrop uh um that we've
seen this year.
Uh allah final question on China. You
know, a lot of people at least here in
Hong Kong have been, let's just call it
without going into details, have been
advocating uh income strategies. Uh
without going into specific names,
Chinese financials, for example, uh you
know, some of the big platform companies
in the fixed income space have been
providing some decent decent all-in
yield. What do you think about China
strategies these days?
Well, um China um the China bond market
is one of the largest uh in the world
and uh when you see uh foreign uh um uh
involvement in the in the asset class,
it is still um low in comparison. So
there is quite a bit of room to see
inflows there. Uh we have seen that the
currency has has been managed and the
curve uh uh the rates curve has also
been managed. The PBOC has already cut a
few times this year and has managed that
curve really uh um uh well from our
point of view. Uh we do take a layering
approach when it comes to investing in
China whereby we do uh take comfort in
the CGB curve and uh the direction of uh
of yields lower into this year. Uh we do
like the pickup that onshore credit
gives versus G uh CGBs uh about 100 to
200 basis points which is attractive and
uh also looking at offshore China credit
where you have further pick up over the
onshore credit um and uh we do take this
layering approach to really take
advantage of the entire spectrum where
we do find that the policy maker is
supportive uh and fundamentals across
credits
continue to be strong uh which will
continue to support these valuations
here. So for us a layering approach uh
across China is one where you really get
to um benefit from the entire spectrum
in a very um uh supportive environment
that is provided by both the PBOC and
those uh credits with strong
fundamentals.
Allah, thank you so much. Allah Busher,
the head of emerging market debts at BNP
power asset management in in Singapore
this Monday morning. Right. Um coming
through just a headline coming through
right now. This looks to be according to
from a truth social post from the US
president that he's basically announced
what we were expecting anyway. He is
pleased to announce that the US tariff
letters have been sent out uh and that
they have been delivered starting 12
p.m. I imagine he's speaking local time
on the 7th of uh July. Yeah, plenty more
ahead I guess on that. We were expecting
those letters to be sent out anyway at
this point. So that's the timing of that
at least and then we'll talk a little
bit more come in terms of timing of this
latest listing. FWD, the group CEO is
going joining us here in this hour to
discuss the outlook for the business as
well as the timing of this IPO at the
broader fundraising revival that we're
seeing here in the city. This is
Bloomberg
[Music]
All right, if you're looking at your
calendar on on tariff deadlines and the
like, uh you can add another one to your
list here. So, it looks like those
tariff letters have been delivered
according to Trump uh in this truth
social posting starting 12:00 p.m.
Monday. Uh I'm guessing it's Eastern
time, but yes, that's what the
announcement is going to be. So, we
don't know to who. Uh, according to what
we've been tracking, there's been still
a lot of countries scrambling to secure
these trade deals with Washington or at
least trying to at least lobby for some
extra time. There's an August 1st sort
of deadline as well that takes effect as
well. So, we got to bring in Steve to
help help us put everything together.
So, 12 p.m. That's noon tomorrow. Yeah.
In the US, not midnight tonight or 12.
Okay. So, there's still a little bit
more time, right? Yeah. If you're
circling your calendar for these
different tariff dates, you know,
pencil. Yeah, use a pencil. That's a
good one. That's a good one. Absolutely.
Uh so, look, he's putting out these
letters. Yeah. So, I think he said at
the doors stop interview uh what a few
hours ago, he said probably 12 to 15 to
start and then uh maybe Scott Bessant
said 18 uh main trading partners they're
in earnest negotiations with right now.
I'll get to Japan and South Korea and
India and Cambodia and Thailand and
Indonesia in just a little bit. Uh but
again this is coming down to the wire
just three more days until uh those
reciprocal tariffs uh you know long
threatened to go back to those original
uh high figures. In a country like
Cambodia it's 49%. Thailand it's 36%. So
there's a lot at stake for these
economies. Now the BRICS nations are
gathering obviously in Brazil they're
likely to put out some sort of statement
saying are condemning the unilateral
approach that the White House has taken
uh to doing trade deals. Obviously BRICS
is Brazil, Russia, India, China and
South Africa and the likes. So they have
much at stake with what's happening uh
here. China has done their own
negotiation but nothing is set in stone
obviously with the China US relationship
on the trade front. Uh basically 18 as I
said 18 major trading partners according
to Scott Besson and several big
agreements are close. He said there's a
lot of foot dragging on the other side.
So there's a little bit of a blame game
blame game as well that the others are
responsible for not getting across the
finish line. So it's going to be a very
interesting three days. Yes. Circle
everything with a pencil right now.
Yeah. Because it could be August 1st is
the new the shifting sands, the shifting
goalposts. Use whatever analogy you
want. And I bet my unhealthy liver or
there's probably a date after that we
haven't yet talked about that's probably
going to come up. Uh the reason I bring
that up is, you know, the trade
uncertainty. So we I was speaking with
with some investors last week and what
matters to markets is do we return back
to the extreme days that we had
liberation day or have we seen progress
in some fronts like Korea and Japan that
will I guess to some extent have erased
that tail risk from you know
possibilities to consider with
uncertainty as we can see on the screens
visually still substantially high.
Progress is a very difficult uh quantity
or commodity to measure. It depends on
whose perspective you're looking at it
from. Obviously, um, some of these
trading partners and the smaller ones
who were hit with very high tariffs, I'm
talking Cambodia, I'm talking India,
32%, uh, Thailand, 36%. Um, it it's it's
going to have to be like, of course, it
was better when we didn't have those
tariffs, but would 10% be better than
36%. Right? So uh you have to see where
that progress is coming. But a country
like Japan and South Korea and also
India on top of those baseline
reciprocal tariffs threaten to go up.
They also have 25% tariffs on
automobiles. Okay, those are sectoral
tariffs. They also have 50% tariffs on
aluminum and steel on top of the
reciprocal tariffs. So they are getting
hit extra hard. So, Japan has had two
different phone calls with the commerce
secretary uh Lutnik on Friday 45 minutes
on Saturday an hour. Uh and I don't know
if we can say progress is being made
because prime minister Ishiba saying
Japan has to stand firm and defend its
interest. South Korea also trying to buy
time. They have a 25% possible return to
that reciprocal tariffs. India also
indicating that they're maybe going to
hold their ground a little bit
especially when it comes to automobile
and automobile parts. So it's not a done
deal over the next three days. Yeah,
complicated. Uh Steve, thank you.
Stephen Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent there. So still more
certainty and the other thing as well is
still more oil coming to these markets
today. Look at Brent prices right now.
You had a big gap lower in the opening
minutes earlier on following the
announcement of a surprise increase in
production from OP plus OPEC plus going
into the next uh month or so. Let's
bring in our oil reporter Nicholas Lua
here with us to talk us through the
logic behind what just looking at the
number Nicholas was really a larger than
expected increase in supply from from
the group here.
That's totally right David. So OPEC
surprised traders with a 548,000
barrels a day supply increase. That's uh
bigger than what they were expecting.
Previously people expecting 411,000
barrels a day. Now uh that's that
smaller figure is already triple what
OPEC had initially planned to increase
output by uh earlier this year. And I
think what we're seeing is really that
taps are being opened all at once,
right? And that's contributing to prices
falling right now.
Okay, I think even before this hike, we
were expecting this oil market and
supply to be quite tight. How how likely
is this going to hold now?
So, Ivan, I think the important thing to
flag is even as prices are down, they're
not down tremendously, right? We're not
seeing like the sort of like dramatic
moves we saw with like the first 411 KBD
hike many months back. And I think
that's reflecting as you've brightly
pointed out the relative tightness we're
going to see in the summer. Uh so summer
is always a period when all refineries
are running at their highest because
demand is up. People are driving meaning
there's more gasoline needed and more
commercial activity is going on meaning
more diesel is being produced. Uh I'd
also like to flag that inventories right
now are relatively tight. So US um
diesel inventories are really really
low. uh US crude inventories over at
Cushing are also not showing much
strength and I think that's tying to
this overall picture where OPEC plus
feels that its barrels are needed and so
as it's uh fighting with the shale
producers to reclaim market share uh
this seems like an optimal time to bring
all those barrels it's kept out of the
market back into it showing the prices.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Taking advantage of
that summer demand. All right, Nicholas.
Thank you. Nicholas Lua there, oil
reporter joining us out of Singapore. We
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Very quickly, an earnings
story lifting the shares of one of South
Korea's biggest stocks, lifting
obviously the index right now in what's
really been a lackluster day for risk
assets. LG Energy quite a massive beat
here. two key profit coming in well
above estimates. And as you can see, the
stock is reacting up 3% lifting the
overall costby index up about two
points.
[Music]
All right, we got some breaking news. Uh
another uh true social post from the
president here. Of course, the latest
was that they were going to be sending
letters uh later on today, but what
we're seeing right now is maybe more
details of what these countries might
get in the mail. Right? So, one thing
that Trump has said in this post is that
any country aligning with the bricks is
going to face an added 10% tariff and at
this point they're saying no exceptions
to this policy. Dave, yeah, and again
the question there is well two things.
Is that again a you know one of the
strategies which is putting forward a
yield and lateral threats to get people
back to the table and then the other
question I have is that 10% on top of
what um additional tariff on top of what
was previously on that chart in the
white house lawn or is that 10% on top
of whatever they try and figure out or
is the 10% going to go away if they
figure some stuff out again but that
just goes to show how complicated this
is and it's now gone of course the red
headline coming through there are no
exceptions
to this policy. We talked about, you
know, in some ways this is an indirect
or I guess you could say now getting
more direct sort of way of countering
China, right? because what's quite clear
it's quite clear now um you know how
they're going to be you know obviously
they talked about Southeast Asia and
these trade deals that the US is trying
to strike with the likes of Vietnam as a
way to try to at least crack down on
some of these trans shshipment of goods
and how you know things are being flowed
through Southeast Asia Chinese exports
and then to the US right um certainly
this is one I guess next step is is
maybe assigning another tariff level to
those that to deal with China I guess
and that certainly is going to lead to
another layer threat to of course the
mainland and if that is being perceived
the way we're interpreting it source
Beijing is concerned that's not going to
be good as far as a response now I'm
looking at just the markets right now we
are getting a bid coming across the US
dollar so dollar China is now at 717 we
had a 716 handle before this news broke
uh dollar yen is now at 14474
we had a sub 14470 handle on dollar yen
And there we go. As you can see on your
screens, the dollar is catching somewhat
of a of a bid there. So, we'll yeah,
we'll keep on top of the story, but
again, suffice to say, it looks like the
US president has laid down some key
thresholds here as far as the
negotiations go. It's a moving target.
It's a very fluid situation. And
obviously we'll be getting a little bit
more I'm guessing headlines here in the
next 48 hours as those letters to
countries get sent later on today in the
US and also as we get approaching those
multiple head dead head dead head dead
head dead head dead head dead head dead
headlines right so July 9th is certainly
one we also heard August 1st is one
that's being circled by Howard Lutnik
the commerce secretary on when these
tariffs actually take effect so uh it's
no surprise there is a bit of
uncertainty and confusion in these
markets here right now take a look at US
futures we are continue to see heading
lower here about 4/10en of 1% % and Dave
mentioned there is a bit of a flight to
safety to the dollar surprisingly as
well but yes Asia certainly is feeling
it this morning I mean it's a reminder
as well and we really haven't talked at
length about also the the lack of
progress between China and Europe right
and the sticking point I can I guess
there is tensions are still there too
tensions are still there you know
conversation the talking points around
EVs for example is a after many many
days there we're still talking about how
tariffs are coming back up yeah as far
as medical equipment for example I think
Brandy was uh was was exempted. But the
reason I bring that up is you know just
to segue us into the EV part of the
conversation in China, right? Because
between EU and China that is like PYD
for example and its plans to increase
capacity in Europe. um how does that
dovetail into how we now look at the
competitive dynamics within the Chinese
market and we've had conversations
around this earlier on with Goldman
Sachs but yes I think the the the other
corporate story that we've somewhat
ignored because of everything that's
taken place is how successful Xiaomi has
been with with the launch of their their
successful in quotation marks it really
is a breakthrough right this is a
company that talks you know we've been
talking about ear that's about what it's
all about gadget It's all about, you
know, you know, vacuum cleaners and the
like. And they're able to actually break
through into this very, very competitive
EV space, right? And, you know, we're
talking about a second now EV, which is
what you're seeing there in the screen,
YU7 or U7. The firm says it received,
get this, 289,000 orders for the car
within an hour of it going on sale last
month. And take a look at this chart,
right? So, you take a look at how the
orders are concerned, right? Versus
other SUV sales volumes in China. Well,
Bloomberg Intelligence thinks that new
offer could widen its customer reach
there and cannibalize some orders from
the likes of Tesla and Neo. So, the SUV
is the most popular passenger vehicle in
China, making up the majority of car
shipments last year. All right, we got a
whole in-depth look at, of course,
Xiaomi's EV ambitions. Let's bring in
our Bloomberg Asia tech reporter,
Annabelle Jewelers, along with our Asia
transport reporter, Linda Lou. Linda,
I'll start with you. Tell us more. I
mean the the fact that this is a tech
company that really has broken through
in this industry. What are the reasons
for Xiaomi's EV success?
It's funny that uh Xiaomi has become so
successful in making EVs. Um it actually
happened by accident and kind of in
timely news uh relating to Donald
Trump's tweet. Xiaomi decided to make
EVs because it was sanctioned by Trump
in its first term and even though later
Xiaomi was removed from the sanctions
list, it plowed on with its EV endeavor
and it's actually drew on its supply
chain knowhow as a large uh manufacturer
of consumer goods as well as an urgency
um that its founder Leen has put on this
entire uh project. He's actually said
that this is going to be his last
entrepreneurial project. So, we can see
how determined he was to make this uh a
success.
Bill, let me let me bring you in. You
know, I've known you several years.
I don't think I've seen you as
fascinated with any single company. I
know it's compared to Xiaomi as you've
been recently. That's why I'm so excited
about this story. I mean, I think uh
1810HK has had an absolute stellar run
and and if you were to look at the
performance over the last 12 months, I
mean, we're up around nearly 250%.
And and to Linda's point around around
Xiaomi having this great success, it
really does contrast to to what you've
seen from Apple because of course they
had their decadel long effort to try and
invest in this space, but couldn't do so
and and eventually had to abandon the
program. I think as well in terms of of
this this progress forward in this area
really should also be something that
challenges the western car makers
because even though you know the YU7 for
instance other models aren't available
for sale just yet in Europe certainly
when I've spoken to Alan Lamb for
instance the CEO CFO he's kind of nodded
that that ultimately they may go in that
direction and when you have these sorts
of features that can go into these cars
that sort of design which is maybe few
points for originality but but still a
nice design that's similar to to what
you see from Ferrari or McLaren for
instance. The price point is very cheap
as well because the entry one for the
latest model is around $35,000 US. So
again, you know, it does point to to
very competitive uh competitive car and
that's of course why it's doing so well.
Okay. So Belle mentioned a bit of the
copycat allegations. Linda, maybe follow
through on what what else you see in
terms of the challenges moving forward
for Xiaomi.
Yes. Uh so the copycat allegations
aside, uh Xiaomi is actually facing
increased regulatory scrutiny. Uh this
came after a fatal accident that
involved one of its uh SU7 sedans uh
crashed. Uh while it had the car's
advanced driver assistance technology
turned on. So this led to Chinese
authorities really tightened um the
promotion as well as deployment of this
technology as well as other safety
aspects of EVs. So Xiaomi kind of have
to tread carefully as they continue on
this EV making journey. And also in
terms of geopolitics is is the headlines
today. If Xiaomi wants to go
international, it needs to contend with
tariffs which are already in place in
regions like the EU, not to mention the
US and Turkey. So, Xiaomi definitely as
it expands kind of need to uh play kind
of extend its success to really take on
these challenges in the future.
Okay. Well, there's there's something
coming up. I think more on this in a
moment, but yeah, give us a sense of why
what's happening and if our viewers
might have missed some of the things
that you just mentioned here, what
what's in store? Well, yeah, if you've
missed it or if you're just interested
to get in more into the details, we do
have a Q&A coming up on bloomberg.com in
about 20 minutes time from now. So,
Linda will be in that. I'll be
moderating it alongside a couple of
other colleagues from the print side.
Uh, but the focus of this is how Xiaomi
succeeded where Apple failed. And so,
again, it's making that point. Apple had
this project, Project Titan. failed not
just because they weren't really capable
of making an EV, I guess, but but the
goals of it were very lofty. The the
metrics were also constantly changing
for the business as well. So, it's
making that comparison. How did Apple
not manage to come up with a project
over 10 years or a car and how has
Xiaomi been able to do this in in the
space of, you know, much shorter time
frame. Yeah. And whether it can be
replicated, great stuff there. Annabelle
Jewelers, our Bloomberg Asia tech
reporter, also our Asia transport
reporter, Linda Lou. You don't want to
miss this one here. If you didn't get
enough of this and you want to hear more
subscribers, you can join a live Q&A
later on discussing how yes, as we've
been talking that very topic, Xiaomi
succeeding in EVs where Apple failed.
That's coming at 11 a.m. Hong Kong time.
Join the conversation on the terminal or
through the web link on your screen
right there. Screen grab it while you
can. All right. Uh we're checking FX
Dave. Yes. What's going on? So, um let's
say about eight nine minutes back the US
president Truth Social Post two things,
right? One was letters are being sent
out. The other one I think which is a
separate post but still same story was
that anyone that aligns with bricks will
get an additional 10% tariff and we're
getting already a market reaction to
this dollar's bid and we are seeing the
likes of the South African rand as you
can see on your screens uh on offer
quite literally on the back of that you
spell out bricks and I think that's
really what you get dollar China right
now near session highs there's the
context for you from the US president
just earlier on we had to rush Steve
back to the studio to react to all this
here but So yes, this latest line, your
take? Yeah, I'm used to being called
back, that's okay. It's good to be
called back. Uh, basically Donald Trump
saying there will be no exceptions to
this policy. And essentially that is uh
he is saying that any nation that aligns
with what the BRICS is doing uh as far
as what Donald Trump calls anti-American
policies uh meaning this condemnation
they've already done the bricks nations
which are meeting uh in Brazil led by
the president there Lula essentially
condemning the attacks on Iran because
Iran is now a member as well of bricks
uh and um also they are going to be
condemning
uh the unilateral approach they see of
of tariffs on the United States
basically setting the trade policy
agenda for the world. Uh so again,
Donald Trump says there will be no
exceptions to this. We'll add
essentially a 10% tariff for those
countries aligning themselves with
anti-American policies of bricks. Keep
in mind bricks is not just Brazil,
Russia, India, China, and South Africa.
Recently they expanded to include
Indonesia, Ethiopia, United Arab
Emirates, Iran, Egypt as members. So
this is a lot broader threat potentially
an extra 10% as a number of different
countries are obviously trying to
negotiate down uh the threat on July
9th, 3 days from now, two days from now
in Asia essentially the return to the
reciprocal high tariffs. Okay, Stephen
Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent there. Right, just ahead
here in the show, just a pivot to the
other story we're tracking today. This
listing here in Hong Kong, FWD and the
CEO will be joining us in a few minutes
as they finally list on the main board
of the stock exchange here. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. So, you have on your screens
coming up shortly. There we go.
Insurance firm FWD debuted in Hong Kong
today. Stock is unchanged at 38 bucks.
Joining us exclusively here on set to
talk us through what they plan to do
with all this new money. Quintanfong of
course is the group CEO of the company.
Very nice to see you. Good morning. Good
morning and thank you for having me
here. I feel like we've been counting
down to this listing several times over
the last several years now and finally
we're here. What changed for you? Why
was this timing right? Thank you. You
tell me. This uh this uh this is been a
long journey but uh we're extremely
happy uh to be here. uh and uh Hong Kong
as you can see is uh back in a in a in a
big way and uh we extremely happy to be
part of that coming back stories
postcoid and uh for FWD choosing Hong
Kong as the uh the exchange to be listed
on is a natural choice for us. uh we
born here 13 years ago uh with three
markets and now after uh 13 years we're
across uh a number of market 10 markets
across Asia Pan Asian truly pan Asian uh
and and then to come back here and
celebrate listening today is so
meaningful for all of us. Yeah, we
certainly have been a roller coaster but
the first attempt was in the US and then
three other attempts here in the city.
How does this time compare with the
previous attempts? This is uh it's a I'm
still very emotional while ringing the
gong this morning. So So you have to you
have to excuse me for losing my speech a
little bit here but uh uh it's fantastic
feeling to to be here to be home. Uh and
I think the market condition uh is uh we
couldn't ask for more. Uh and our
business if you look at the last three
years has been fantastic is uh the
momentum very strong. Uh so choosing
this time to to go listing it just uh uh
is is is very meaningful and very
exciting for all of us. And I think
we're playing the video again in loop
here for our viewers to see that you
know this moment that you mentioned
you're getting somewhat emotional over
now that that's done. Yeah. You bagged
the money. What have you earmarked this
for and how does it go into your
expansion plan? Sure. I think the is um
the key thing for the IPO uh with this
new uh flexibility in term of financial
uh now as management team we can look at
different options and go to our board uh
if you look at us in the last three
years uh 97% of our growth actually
organic so continue to grow organically
uh support that growth very profitably I
think that's uh that's very high on our
priority uh of course uh the uh the the
the balancing of our balance sheet in a
way that makes sense uh in term of uh uh
our our leverage ratio and so on. That's
certainly something that the board will
look at. Uh and of course the last but
not least is uh if there's opportunity
for us to add into our scale uh either
in the markets that we are already
operating in to get to that leadership
uh position. Yeah. You mentioned Pan
Asia. You have a strategic focus in Hong
Kong and Japan and Southeast Asia. Is
the plan now to further deepen your
presence in those markets or are you
looking elsewhere? I think the uh uh
what we said uh we want to build a pan
Asian as you mentioned and the market
that we chose to operate in we pretty
much in uh the exception we would love
to get into China eventually. Uh but in
Southeast Asia on the key markets if you
look at on the populous markets of Asan
we already in uh there's a few smaller
markets that we have a lot less
interest. So the key for us going
forward is how to deepen our presence
and how to get into the leadership
position across these markets. Uh at the
moment we are in the top two in several
market including uh Thailand we're
number two, Indonesia we're number two,
Philippines depend on what month you
look at we'll be number one and number
two. So so so that's that sort of
leadership in each of these markets is
important and and we can we will focus
on that. And you you mentioned organic.
You also somewhat mentioned alluded to
you're looking at potentially
non-organic options. Would you be open
to M&A like which specific assets might
you be considering if you want to
solidify and not a month-to-month
uh look at your leadership position?
That's uh that's that question I will
defer to my board. But uh we continue to
look at uh opportunity that makes sense.
Uh because as you know life insurance is
a is a scale business right uh and we
continue to build that organically. Uh
but if there are opportunities that can
give us additional scale that makes
sense we certainly go back to the board
and and make the case for that uh
because that's help us to get to that
leadership position again. You mentioned
China FWD currently you don't have a
direct business in mainland China unlike
some of your rivals like AIA like
Credential. What are some of the plans
in place right now? I mean, do you have
a plan in place in terms of the
strategic focus in mainland? Thank you.
And uh we do have a rep office in China
since uh 2014. Okay. Uh so we certainly
continue to study in the market uh and
over the past years uh we look at
several opportunities. Uh but for us uh
China and the same with across Asia uh
we prepare to walk away from
opportunities that does not make
financial sense. uh and that uh that's
always have to be uh the way we do
business to deliver the right return to
our shareholders. I mean is it is it
accurate to describe it that you're not
you're not it China is not that urgent
for you? Yeah. I think the uh just for
the tone one of the key thing for us is
uh we headquarter here in Hong Kong.
Okay. And uh and and uh Hong Kong the
proximity to uh southern China with a
connectivity into greater bay area.
we're in great position to tap into uh
the the the whole ecosystem of life
insurance in China. Uh and as you can
see the whole industry uh life insurance
in the past years postcoid have benefit
uh greatly from from the connectivity to
to southern China and we are uh very
fortunate to be in that position. So we
will continue to push really hard here
in Hong Kong. Okay. Um I was looking at
the investment side of things. I mean
obviously there's a lot of talk of of
your asset allocation plans. What sort
of strategies are you looking at right
now? Has there been any changes of late
as we go uh prepare to go public? Uh of
course we are life insurance company
with a long-term promise to our
customers. Uh we're talking about 30 40
years promise here. Uh so the allocation
for asset the liability matching between
uh our policy that we sold and the asset
that we invest uh we have to be very
careful and very um uh we have to manage
our risk very uh tightly. uh and that go
across all the markets in in in Asia. So
not unlike other insurance company our
asset allocation uh uh highly reflects
the nature of our liability that we uh
we have on our book uh which is the
policies that our customer across the
region there's 30 million of them that
we have to look after. So so we are we
we are quite uh you know pay a lot of
attention on risk management when it
come to asset the a final question for
you. I was looking at the perspectus
which is always long. There's there's a
list of risks obviously that
I think it's deliberately also to to
discourage journalists from pouring over
it too much. The font size was also too
small. You can tell that to your
bankers. But among the many risks there
what is what is the one risk that you're
looking to manage as people buy into
your stock? You're not a public company.
What are you looking what do you think
people should be paying attention to
there? I think when people ask me uh
what uh what I lose sleeps at night uh
over uh managing uh a group like FWD uh
I think for us uh the geographic
expansion the hard work in building
distribution uh the the the investment
and digital and uh and tech that that
you know carry out the operation
efficiently on those thing execution and
we can focus and we can deliver
underlying all of that is the people uh
and and that's one of the reason why uh
we may be headquart water here in Hong
Kong is is is that very important
element of human resources. Uh I think
if we don't have the right people, it's
going to be very hard to deliver the
promise that we have with our customers.
Uh and uh that's why we are very happy
today to be ringing the bell here in
Hong Kong. This is the best place in
Asia to to build a pan Asian insurance
group. Tong, it's great to have you.
Thank you so much. Quinn Fon there, FWD
Group CEO joining us here in our Hong
Kong studios just shortly after that
listing debut in the Hong Kong Exchange.
Uh we're checking when it comes to
currencies here this morning,
particularly when it comes to some of
these BRICS nations after what we heard
from President Trump in that true social
post that they could be adding a 10%
tariff on any country aligning with the
BRICS nations there. So you are seeing
that weakness across the South African
ran uh the Chinese currency here this
morning. We're talking about a 717
handle as well. And the dollar still
catching a slight bid this morning. And
we're learning here also Thailand has
sent a revised trade proposal to the US.
That's according to the minister there
as well. We got markets opening up there
in a few minutes. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we are starting to see a
little bit of movement in price action
the FX space as well as we just talked
about here. So, President Trump, of
course, uh still has about 48 or so
hours until that July 9th deadline. And
you know, we are hearing a little bit
more on what these letters to countries
might look like here. And and maybe
possible now they're talking about a 10%
tariff added for any country aligning
with the BRICS nations. And we you are
actually seeing to Ivon's point
currencies within those circles um being
on offer right now. So yeah, we still
don't know what the parameters will be,
but we kind of have an idea now what the
limits could be as far as uh where you
should be aligning yourselves. If you're
at bricks, 10% no exclusions to that.
Plenty more ahead. This is Mumb.
[Music]